# Samsara
Globally, humanity has accepted that climate change is irreversible and inhabitable within a generation. Every government has put resources together, in order to fund teams of scientist and engineers.  Will the human race survive?  The story follows the top five most promising groups. Some of their solutions to our human extinction are terraforming, faster-than-light travel, time-travel, a space colony, and underground living.  At the end of Act 1, it has been 25 years, and all the research teams gather to demonstrate their findings. The World Council will then vote and fund the survival strategy.  A group outside the top five, reclusive, secretive, enters the room. They are meta-humans; combined/spliced genes with animals in order to, as they put it, "harmony adapt" to the new world. Each one of the research team members is genetically altered to become a meta-human for a particular climate. One can breath underwater and in the air. One can see in the dark. One can live in the desert and hibernate for months if rains do not appear. One can live in the cold.  At the beginning of Act 2, people are scared of the meta-humans. The world council does not vote for their solution. Instead, they place their funds into a space colony while they further research terraforming. The space colony, raw material requirements, put further strain on the Earth's ecosystem and hastens the problem. The meta-humans retreat to their research facility. Word gets out about them; they gain a cult-like public following. They genetically alter some of the public. Then meta-human begin breeding. At the end of Act 2, the World Council isolates the meta-humans into camps.   What next?  Act 3, the rich leave to the space colony now called, "The Hope Project." The unconnected and disenfranchised are left dying. Those fortunate enough, have their genes altered. The meta-human population starts to grow. New generations grow. Time passes. The Earth heals. Those that left return; after 100 years, they find a different kind of Earth.   What next? What does it mean to be human?
